Issue-236: Subquery block missing support for custom post titles (#256)
alleyinteractive/wp-curate: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to `WP Curate` will be documented in this file.

## 2.4.3 - 2024-11-18

> - Enhancement: Post Title block (which allows override titles) works in Subquery block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhancement: Post Title block (which allows title overrides for pinned posts) works in Subquery block.
```
